chore: add DIP-related comments (#584)
KILTprotocol/kilt-node: runtimes/common/src/dip/README.md

# KILT Decentralized Identity Provider (DIP) provider specification

Specification of the format of a DIP identity commitment and the expected format of a DIP identity proof for cross-chain transactions using KILT identities.

## V0

The V0 of the KILT DIP Provider specification defines the following components:

* **Identity details**: What are the pieces of a KILT identity that can be used for cross-chain transactions. V0 defines them to include the following information:

>   * All `DidKey`s stored under the subject's DID Document. For more details about how these keys are defined, please check the [KILT DID pallet](../../../../pallets/did).

Reviewer: And same here, we should probably replace all these with hard URLs when we have them.

Author: Will keep this (and the others) open as a reminder.

>   * All the `LinkableAccountId`s the DID subject has linked to the DID via the KILT linking pallet. For more details about how on-chain linking works, please check the [KILT lookup pallet](../../../../pallets/pallet-did-lookup/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * All the `LinkableAccountId`s the DID subject has linked to the DID via the KILT linking pallet. For more details about how on-chain linking works, read the [KILT lookup pallet](../../../../pallets/pallet-did-lookup/).
```

>   * (OPTIONAL) The web3name of the DID subject, if present. For more details about how web3names work, please check the [KILT web3name pallet](../../../../pallets/pallet-web3-names/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * (OPTIONAL) The web3name of the DID subject, if present. For more details about how web3names work, read the [KILT web3name pallet](../../../../pallets/pallet-web3-names/).
```
